docs/widgets/clock-widget.md, before:

---
title: 🕓 Clock Module
description: Explanation of the Clock Module
tags:
  - Modules
  - Time
  - Localization
---

# 🕓 Clock Module

The Clock Module will display the current time and date. The Module will use your current system time. If you are using Docker, ensure that the timezone is set correctly.

## Add this widget to your Dashboard
You can add this widget via the edit mode. Please read [this guide on how to do so](index.md#adding-a-widget).

## Configuration

| Configuration         | Description | Values | Default Value |
| --------------------- | ----------- | ------ | ------------- |
| Display full time (24 hour format) | Determines if the clock displays in 12 or 24 hour format | yes / no | yes |

![configuration of the weather module](images/clock/module-clock-configuration.png)

:::tip

Check out our documentation on [how to configure a module](index.md#configure-a-module).

:::

## Screenshots

![clock module in light mode](images/clock/module-clock-light-mode.png)

![clock module in dark mode](images/clock/module-clock-dark-mode.png)

Commit message:

Rename module -> widgets service -> app

docs/widgets/clock-widget.md, after:

---
title: 🕓 Clock Widget
description: Explanation of the Clock Widget
tags:
  - Widgets
  - Time
  - Localization
---

# 🕓 Clock Widget

The Clock Widget will display the current time and date. The Widget will use your current system time. If you are using Docker, ensure that the timezone is set correctly.

## Add this widget to your Dashboard
You can add this widget via the edit mode. Please read [this guide on how to do so](index.md#adding-a-widget).

## Configuration

| Configuration         | Description | Values | Default Value |
| --------------------- | ----------- | ------ | ------------- |
| Display full time (24 hour format) | Determines if the clock displays in 12 or 24 hour format | yes / no | yes |

![configuration of the weather widget](images/clock/widget-clock-configuration.png)

:::tip

Check out our documentation on [how to configure a widget](index.md#configure-a-widget).

:::

## Screenshots

![clock widget in light mode](images/clock/widget-clock-light-mode.png)

![clock widget in dark mode](images/clock/widget-clock-dark-mode.png)
