docs/widgets/torrent-widget.md, before:

---
title: 🎞️ Torrent Module
---

# 🎞️ Torrent Module

The torrent module uses integrations to display a list of torrents with their name, download and upload speed and progress. It supports displaying the progress from many download clients concurrently.

:::tip

To add your download service as an integration, click on your service and select the corresponding service type:

![select the correct service type](images/torrent/module-torrent-service-type-example.jpg)

:::

## Activate the Module
Please read our documentation on [how to enable a module](index.md#activating-a-module).

## Configuration

| Configuration         | Description | Values | Default Value |
| --------------------- | ----------- | ------ | ------------- |
| Hide completed torrents | Determines if completed torrents should be hidden | yes / no | no |

![configuration of the torrent module](images/torrent/module-torrent-configuration.png)

:::tip

Check out our documentation on [how to configure a module](index.md#configure-a-module).

:::

## Screenshots

![torrent module](images/torrent/module-torrent.png)

Commit message:

Rename module -> widgets service -> app

docs/widgets/torrent-widget.md, after:

---
title: 🎞️ Torrent Widget
---

# 🎞️ Torrent Widget

The torrent widget uses integrations to display a list of torrents with their name, download and upload speed and progress. It supports displaying the progress from many download clients concurrently.

:::tip

To add your download app as an integration, click on your app and select the corresponding app type:

![select the correct app type](images/torrent/widget-torrent-app-type-example.jpg)

:::

## Activate the Widget
Please read our documentation on [how to enable a widget](index.md#activating-a-widget).

## Configuration

| Configuration         | Description | Values | Default Value |
| --------------------- | ----------- | ------ | ------------- |
| Hide completed torrents | Determines if completed torrents should be hidden | yes / no | no |

![configuration of the torrent widget](images/torrent/widget-torrent-configuration.png)

:::tip

Check out our documentation on [how to configure a widget](index.md#configure-a-widget).

:::

## Screenshots

![torrent widget](images/torrent/widget-torrent.png)
