docs/customizations/page-design.md, before:

---
title: 📄 Page Design
tags:
  - Configuration
  - Customization
  - Theming
---


## Custom Title

To add a custom Homarr title, open the settings at the top right and click on the Tab "Customization". Then, change your title in the input field:

![homarr input field for custom title](./img/customizations-custom-title-setting.webp)

---

## Custom Background

To add a custom background, open the settings at the top right and click on the Tab "Customization".

:::tip

If you are using Docker, mount the path ``/app/public/img`` and put the backgrounds or custom icons inside of that folder.

:::

Then, define your background in the input field:

![homarr background settings](./img/customizations-custom-background-setting.webp)

Example:

![homarr with custom background](./img/customizations-custom-background-dashboard.webp)

### Random Backgrounds

You can get a random image from Unsplash by using their [public API](https://unsplash.com). Just add the following URL to the input field:

`https://source.unsplash.com/featured/`

:::tip
 [Topics](https://unsplash.com/t) can also be used to filter the results: `?nature,nature`
:::

Example:

![homarr with random unplash background](./img/customizations-custom-background-unplash.webp)

Commit message:

📝 Update page-design.md (#65)
restart tip, mentioned app opacity option

docs/customizations/page-design.md, after:

---
title: 📄 Page Design
tags:
  - Configuration
  - Customization
  - Theming
---


## Custom Title

To add a custom Homarr title, open the settings at the top right and click on the Tab "Customization". Then, change your title in the input field:

![homarr input field for custom title](./img/customizations-custom-title-setting.webp)

---

## Custom Background

To add a custom background, open the settings at the top right and click on the Tab "Customization".

:::tip

If you are using Docker, mount the path ``/app/public/img`` and put the backgrounds or custom icons inside of that folder.

A restart is required for the backgrounds to be loaded.

:::

Then, define your background in the input field:

![homarr background settings](./img/customizations-custom-background-setting.webp)

Example:

![homarr with custom background](./img/customizations-custom-background-dashboard.webp)

*`App Opacity` option is below the `Background` option.*

### Random Backgrounds

You can get a random image from Unsplash by using their [public API](https://unsplash.com). Just add the following URL to the input field:

`https://source.unsplash.com/featured/`

:::tip
 [Topics](https://unsplash.com/t) can also be used to filter the results: `?nature,nature`
:::

Example:

![homarr with random unplash background](./img/customizations-custom-background-unplash.webp)
