docs/about.md, before:

---
title: About Homarr
sidebar_position: 1
hide_title: true
---

<!-- Project Title -->
<p align="center">
  <img width={150} src="/img/logo.png" />
</p>

<h1 align="center">Homarr</h1>

<!-- Badges -->
<p align="center">
  <img className="me-shield" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ajnart/homarr?label=%E2%AD%90%20Stars&style=flat-square?branch=master&kill_cache=1%22" />
  <a href="https://github.com/ajnart/homarr/releases/latest">
    <img className="me-shield" alt="Latest Release (Semver)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/ajnart/homarr?label=%F0%9F%9A%80%20Release" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/ajnart/homarr/actions/workflows/docker.yml">
    <img className="me-shield" title="Docker CI Status" src="https://github.com/ajnart/homarr/actions/workflows/docker.yml/badge.svg" alt="CI Status" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/aCsmEV5RgA">
    <img title="Discord" src="https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/972958686051962910/widget.png?style=shield" />
  </a>
</p>

<!-- Links -->
<p align="center">
<i>Join the discord! — Don't forget to star the repo if you are enjoying the project!</i>
</p>
<p align="center">
<a href="https://homarr.ajnart.fr/"><strong> Demo ↗️ </strong></a> • <a href="/docs/introduction/installation"><strong> Install ➡️ </strong></a> • <a href="/docs/widgets/"><strong> Widgets 🧩 </strong></a>
</p>

---

<!-- Homarr Description -->

## 🔍 About

Homarr is a simple and lightweight homepage for your server, that helps you easily access all of your services in one place.

It integrates with the services you use to display information on the homepage (E.g. Show upcoming Sonarr/Radarr releases).

If you have any questions about Homarr or want to share information with us, please go to one of the following places:

- [Github Discussions](https://github.com/ajnart/homarr/discussions)
- [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/aCsmEV5RgA)

*Before you file an [issue](https://github.com/ajnart/homarr/issues/new/choose), make sure you have the read [known issues](https://github.com/ajnart/homarr#-known-issues) section.*

---

## ✨ Features

- Integrates with services you use.
- Search the web directly from your homepage.
- Real-time status indicator for every service.
- Automatically finds icons while you type the name of a service.
- Widgets that can display all types of information.
- Easy deployment with Docker.
- Very light-weight and fast.
- Free and Open-Source.
- And more...
---


## 👀 Preview
<img alt="Homarr Preview" align="center" width="100%" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71191962/169860380-856634fb-4f41-47cb-ba54-6a9e7b3b9c81.gif" />

Commit message:

Rename module -> widgets service -> app

docs/about.md, after:

---
title: About Homarr
sidebar_position: 1
hide_title: true
---

<!-- Project Title -->
<p align="center">
  <img width={150} src="/img/logo.png" />
</p>

<h1 align="center">Homarr</h1>

<!-- Badges -->
<p align="center">
  <img className="me-shield" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ajnart/homarr?label=%E2%AD%90%20Stars&style=flat-square?branch=master&kill_cache=1%22" />
  <a href="https://github.com/ajnart/homarr/releases/latest">
    <img className="me-shield" alt="Latest Release (Semver)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/ajnart/homarr?label=%F0%9F%9A%80%20Release" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/ajnart/homarr/actions/workflows/docker.yml">
    <img className="me-shield" title="Docker CI Status" src="https://github.com/ajnart/homarr/actions/workflows/docker.yml/badge.svg" alt="CI Status" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/aCsmEV5RgA">
    <img title="Discord" src="https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/972958686051962910/widget.png?style=shield" />
  </a>
</p>

<!-- Links -->
<p align="center">
<i>Join the discord! — Don't forget to star the repo if you are enjoying the project!</i>
</p>
<p align="center">
<a href="https://homarr.ajnart.fr/"><strong> Demo ↗️ </strong></a> • <a href="/docs/introduction/installation"><strong> Install ➡️ </strong></a> • <a href="/docs/widgets/"><strong> Widgets 🧩 </strong></a>
</p>

---

<!-- Homarr Description -->

## 🔍 About

Homarr is a simple and lightweight homepage for your server, that helps you easily access all of your apps in one place.

It integrates with the apps you use to display information on the homepage (E.g. Show upcoming Sonarr/Radarr releases).

If you have any questions about Homarr or want to share information with us, please go to one of the following places:

- [Github Discussions](https://github.com/ajnart/homarr/discussions)
- [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/aCsmEV5RgA)

*Before you file an [issue](https://github.com/ajnart/homarr/issues/new/choose), make sure you have the read [known issues](https://github.com/ajnart/homarr#-known-issues) section.*

---

## ✨ Features

- Integrates with apps you use.
- Search the web directly from your homepage.
- Real-time status indicator for every app.
- Automatically finds icons while you type the name of an app.
- Widgets that can display all types of information.
- Easy deployment with Docker.
- Very light-weight and fast.
- Free and Open-Source.
- And more...
---


## 👀 Preview
<img alt="Homarr Preview" align="center" width="100%" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/71191962/169860380-856634fb-4f41-47cb-ba54-6a9e7b3b9c81.gif" />
